
\chapter{Example chapter of the thesis}
\label{cha:example-chapt-thes}

Some good tips:

\begin{itemize}
\item use \cite{Oetiket2008Short} as your reference
\item create seperate directory for your chapters, e.g.,
  \texttt{content}
\item in case of serious problems, ask Marek for help
\end{itemize}



\section{Beautiful table}
\label{sec:beautiful-table}

\begin{table}[htbp]
  \centering
  \begin{tabular}{c c c}
    \hline{}
    \textbf{Color} & \textbf{Shape} & \textbf{Area} \\
    \hline{}
    black & circle & 23 \\
    yellow & square & 43 \\
    red & triangle & 123 \\
    \hline{}
  \end{tabular}
  \caption{Very nice table of shapes and colors.}
  \label{tab:cute}
\end{table}



\section{Fake section}
\label{sec:fake-section}

Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj
aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
nnasdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.



Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj
aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj.

\section{One more fake section}
\label{sec:one-more-face}

Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj
aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.

Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj
aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.


\section{Just faking}
\label{sec:just-faking}

Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj
aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.

Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj
aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf
laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj
asdf.  Aasdf asdf asdf sadf sakldjf laskjflksajfd lkasjdflk asjdlkfj
aslkdfj aslkfsakhf sfjsaf jaslkfj asdf.


%%% Local Variables:
%%% mode: latex
%%% TeX-master: "../thesis"
%%% End:
